I just known as 77 who the fuck is that
yeah yeah I think that's yeah oh it's
this guy up penguin fuck all right yo
let's try hard boys yeah this is
actually fucking insane why the fuck are
they picking these heroes next I gotta
antiaging no brakes I mean if he picks
house car is actually the biggest retard
I've ever seen in my life that's all I'm
gonna say well I'm not hating yeah
because what they're gonna do is they're
gonna just go road for five minutes
getting a dress they're gonna go to my
safely and run at my safely I imagine
scars gonna feed a couple times and
shakers not gonna do anything cuz huskar
and then I just think what to do here
this one yeah i think i'll have to
intimate you stole my way i can't we
people this how you get in tomorrow guys
you get omni huskar Ursa Roche six
minutes in sleep late daughter games
here I think we can stop the Roche but
we just have to know what's happening
not a problem
no i mean like look at their here's
where the fuck is any levels this if we
just have a march i mean i can have
anything you think about still economy
like how are they gonna spread all the
farm this guy's aye sir honey no fucking
though doesn't sing
all right helical is marching this way I
can man away from afar
I can't there's no he's dead there's an
ulti house cars aegis man yeah nigga I
don't know about this ah fucking sucks
what the fuck is going on
you
Jesus Christ gonna blink Amir needed
money
so how's impossible to kill was I can
Paul splashed
in this game it's not going to be over
for a while I think looks happen again
all right I'm going to go fucking killed
buildings
you
ah pretty easy gave you ask me